`BBRxnGraph` and `Coordinates`, wrapping building block one-hot tensors and atomic coordinates, are the primary data objects used throughout the SynCoGen training and sampling process.

## Graph
`BuildingBlock` and `Reaction` objects simply store relevant information pertaining to the RDKit SMARTS and SMILES strings that underlie them, as well as some additional metadata such as their respective indices within the vocabulary. `BuildingBlock`s are annotated with their reaction centers, and `Reaction`s track, for each reactant, whether it is a leaving group or attachment point. These aid in constructing molecules during `MoleculeAssembly` and also during sampling, where `BBRxnGraph`s (see next section) must be converted back to recognizable molecular structures. 

SynCoGen wraps synthesizable molecules and masks alike into `BBRxnGraphs`. These objects contain (often, batches of) building block and reaction vocabulary indices and one-hot representations. `BBRxnGraph`s can be instantiated from one-hot tensors or lists of indices as generated by `vocabulary/generate_graph_data.py`. These objects track both the building block nodes and reaction edge matrix of a synthesis graph. Often, during training, these will contain incomplete information; partially noised graphs contain masked building blocks. `BBRxnGraph`s track current knowledge as to which indices correspond to valid atoms, and optionally can compute the "true" atom mask if all building blocks and reactions are both provided and fully compatible.

## Atomics 
`Coordinates` objects are wrappers on atomic coordinate tensors. These can be initialized either from a known coordinate tensor and an optional valid atom mask or from an isotropic Gaussian. For the pharmacophore conditioning case, `Coordinates` objects can be equipped with pharmacophore coordinates and bond information. This class handles augmentations such as random rotations, centering, and alignment; attached pharmacophore coordinates are transformed along with the coordinate tensor. 

`Pharmacophores` wrap pharmacophore information. This includes, but is not limited to, pharmacophore coordinates and types. `Pharmacophore` objects also handle random pharmacophore subsetting prior to input to the backbone. 

## Assembly (RDKit)
`FragmentInstance` and `MoleculeAssembly` (`api/rdkit/assembly.py`) are objects specific to data generation, and not used for training purposes. SynCoGen data generation scripts (`vocabulary/generate_graph_data.py`) use `MoleculeAssembly` instances to build molecules such that all required metadata (reaction centers, building block identities, fragment attribution) and the final molecule are tracked and saved to individual data objects that can then be saved to disk. 